---
title: 1.1.0
author: DidierMalenfant
redirect_from: /blog/1.1.0
---
**toybox.py** v1.1.0 was released today. This release is recommended for all users.

**CHANGELOG:**
- **ADDED**: Introducing the **toystore**, a simple way to refer to **toyboxes** by name.
- **ADDED**: **toyboxes** can now provide a **Luacheck** configuration that gets automaticaly added to yours.
- **ADDED**: setupMakefile command to easily add a barebones makefile setup if you don't already have one.
- **ADDED:** You can force some commands with the `-f` option.
- **ADDED**: **toybox** creators can now use set commands for makefile and include header location.
- **IMPROVED**: Reworked some command line commands, options and arguments.
- **IMPROVED**: Dependencies now only update if they are forced or if resolved version is different from the one installed.
- **IMPROVED**: You can now easily and temporarly make all your **toyboxes** local with the `-l` option.
- **IMPROVED**: App now checks to see if it has been updated only once a day.
- **FIXED**: If an installed **toybox** is no longer in the dependencies, we remove them from the installed list.

Obviously the biggest items here are the **toystore** which lets you refer to **toyboxes** simply by name without having to remember or type their URLs, for example:
```
toybox add plupdate
```
and **[Luacheck](https://github.com/lunarmodules/luacheck)** support which seemlessly adds any Luacheck configuration a **toybox** may provides to your configuration. If you use **Luachack** (and you really should) then this is a lifesaver.

All these features are described in more details in the [Readme](https://github.com/toyboxpy/toybox.py#toyboxpy) but I will also do a few blog posts here to describe some of them in more details.

**NOTE**: Unfortunately as of today I still have not heard anything back from Panic regarding their [bug](https://devforum.play.date/t/pdc-on-windows-doesnt-seem-to-support-import-path-relative-to-the-current-file/8865) in the Windows version of pdc. This means that for the time being you still won't be able to use any **toyboxes** on Windows 😢.

Happy **toyboxing** everyone!

With ❤️ from Paris, France.
